MAIN CONTENTS – subject to changes

Background color
Professional type - grayish & white
Fun type - yellow w/ orange

HUMAN RIGHTS
 I. Introduction to human rights
 II. A. About Mines View park
     B. Human rights advocacy in Mines View park
 III. About us???
 

I. Introduction to human rights 
 
 What are human rights?
 
  Human rights are entitled to each one of us, regardless of where we are born, what our nationality, religion, gender is and who we are as an individual. Human rights works not for us to take advantage from and human rights cannot be taken away from us as well. These rights have foundation among various principles such as equality, fairness, righteousness, dignity, respect and independence that has been valued throughout history. Violation of human rights gives rise to various different wrong doings such as terrorism, killings, frustration etc.

How does human rights work to help an individual?

 Human rights are significant to all of us and not only to those whom face a dire situation or those who are unfairly mistreated where human rights would be used appropriately. These rights guide us to our day to day life in different aspects of our actions.

History of human rights, where does it all begin?

 Throughout histories of conflicts among different societies, nationalities, culture and religions, there have been different views on righteousness and justice. The first formal proclamation of human rights came from the World War II that made human rights a priority for each individual. With the creation of the United Nations (UN) having one of its goal to be able to reaffirm faith in fundamental human rights, in 1948 the United Nations consisting of more than fifty state members contributes in the creation of Universal Declaration of Human Rights making this the first endeavor to use fundamental human rights and freedom for all people.
 The United Nations released a summary of the universal declaration of human rights on December 10, 1948. (insert human right docu)
 
--------1 IMAGE ATTACHMENT TAKEN ONLINE---------



II. A. Mines View Park
---- insert 1 image that was taken by us--------
Mines view park is one of the main attraction that makes tourists want to go back to Baguio City. From the observation deck of the par, a breathtaking panoramic view of Benguet's gold and copper mines and the surrounding mountains unfolds before you. Mines View park is also near to other
tourists destination like the Mansion and Wright park. 

  B. Human rights advocacy in Mines View Park
  As we wander at Mines view park, we saw a lot of tarpaulins and posters that promotes human rights.

  C. About Us.
  Our team consists of students from SLU taking up BSIT. Here, we wanted to the people of Mines View to be aware of the rights they
  have. We see that sometimes people don't really fully utilize the rights they have and we are here to change that.
  
  C.1 Rights to Freedom Of Expression
  Our team believes that everyone deserves to express themselves freely. <br>Voicing out their ideas, their opinions, their 
    talents.
  C.2 Rights to Information
  Our team believes that it is everyone's right to information. <br>Information that is easily accessed for everyone.<br> To 
    know what is happening in today's society whether it be world events, big, and small.
  C.3 Right to Belong
  Our team believes in the saying "no man is an island" and it is your right to belong to a community and you have the right to
     cooperate with the community whatever condition you are in.
